doc: extend "validate the build" documentation (#3302)
uxlfoundation/oneDNN: doc/build/build.md

Ensure that all [software dependencies](https://github.com/uxlfoundation/oneDNN#requirements-for-building-from-source)
are in place and have at least the minimal supported version.

> The oneDNN build system is based on CMake. Use:

Reviewer: Perhaps we can add here the command cmake and the options that can be used as a signpost, for example, 

-----
At the command prompt, use:

cmake <build_options> <repo_root>

The following are a few useful options:

Author: That required the rest of the file to be updated to avoid duplication of the same information.

- `G` to specify build system generator (e.g. `Visual Studio 16 2019`,

>   `Ninja`, `Unix Makefiles`).

Reviewer 2: Minor: Windows really wants quotes for those names with spaces. Dunno if we want to mention that in a "(Don't forget about quotes!)" style. Feel free not to add anything more. It's just not straightforward for non-Windows people.

Author: I can include quotation marks inside the markup quotes for multi-word generator names: `"Visual Studio 16 2019"`, `Ninja`, `"Unix Makefiles"`.

it is installed in a custom location.

- Build the library

~~~sh
cmake --build . --parallel $(nproc)
~~~

#### GCC targeting AArch64 on x64 host

> - Set up the environment for the compiler

Reviewer: Can I request you to add a bit of context here similar to what is done for the previous options?

Uncomment the following lines to build with GCC
export CC=gcc
export CXX=g++

- Generate the build system

~~~sh
mkdir -p build ; cd build
export CC=aarch64-linux-gnu-gcc
export CXX=aarch64-linux-gnu-g++
cmake .. -DCMAKE_SYSTEM_NAME=Linux \
         -DCMAKE_SYSTEM_PROCESSOR=AARCH64 \
         -DCMAKE_LIBRARY_PATH=/usr/aarch64-linux-gnu/lib
~~~

- Build the library

~~~sh
cmake --build . --parallel $(nproc)
~~~

#### GCC with Arm Compute Library (ACL) on AArch64 host

> - Set up the environment for the compiler

Reviewer: Can I request you to add a bit of context here similar to what is done for the previous options?

 Uncomment the following lines to build with GCC
 export CC=gcc
 export CXX=g++

Author: I have reorganized the AArch64 sections and added more information about the Compute Library, but information on how to setup cross-compiler will have to be updated by the AArch64 team.

- Generate the build system

~~~sh
mkdir -p build ; cd build
export ACL_ROOT_DIR=<path/to/Compute Library>
cmake .. -DDNNL_AARCH64_USE_ACL=ON
~~~

- Build the library

~~~sh
cmake --build . --parallel $(nproc)
~~~

### Windows

#### Microsoft Visual C++ Compiler

> - Set up the environment for the compiler

Reviewer: How is the environment set here? A bit of explanation will be helpful.

Author: I will extend this one.

## Validate the Build

After building the library, you can run a predefined test set using:
~~~sh
ctest
~~~

> The comprehensiveness of the test set is determined by the
> [`ONEDNN_TEST_SET`](https://uxlfoundation.github.io/oneDNN/dev_guide_build_options.html#onednn-test-set)
> build option set during build configuration. Useful values are `SMOKE`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The
[`ONEDNN_TEST_SET`](https://uxlfoundation.github.io/oneDNN/dev_guide_build_options.html#onednn-test-set)
build option set during the build configuration determines the scope and depth of the test set. Useful values are `SMOKE`
```

(smallest set), `CI` (default), and `NIGHTLY` (most comprehensive). The test
set can be reconfigured after the entire project has been built, and only the

> missing tests will be compiled. Before submitting any code, it is advised to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
missing tests will be compiled. Before executing any code, it is advised to
```

Author: In this case I meant submitting as a PR to this repository.

Reviewer 3: Maybe move this line to to CONTRIBUTING.md instead?

## Validate the Build

After building the library, you can run a predefined test set using:
~~~sh
ctest
~~~

> The comprehensiveness of the test set is determined by the ONEDNN_TEST_SET

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The comprehensiveness of the test set is determined by the [ONEDNN_TEST_SET](https://uxlfoundation.github.io/oneDNN/dev_guide_build_options.html#onednn-test-set)
```

> flag set during build configuration. Useful values are SMOKE (smallest set),

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
build option set during build configuration. Useful values are `SMOKE` (smallest set),
```

> CI (default), and NIGHTLY (most comprehensive). The test set can be 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`CI` (default), and `NIGHTLY` (most comprehensive). The test set can be 
```

reconfigured after the entire project has been built, and only the missing
tests will be compiled. Before submitting any code, it is advised to run the
NIGHTLY set.
~~~sh
cmake .. \

>           -DONEDNN_TEST_SET=NIGHTLY \
>           <extra build options>

Reviewer 3: Placeholders did not do well during developer experience study.

```suggestion
          -DONEDNN_TEST_SET=NIGHTLY
```
